# Test last

The most important aspect of testing last is the underlying mindset one must have when approaching the idea of
developing a project or a product - to the striving Grinder tests must be:

## A Hassle
To be a Grinder you must come to accept that testing is an annoyance and a pain. It's just simply another software
complication that some dreadfully boring and stupid Know-Nothing came up with to hamper creativity and stifle the true
innovation that the Software God can create when they're freed, unconstrained from having to write a test that simply
tells them what they already know - that their software works. The Software God is fully aware of their limitless
capabilities to control and coerce the software to their will when unshackled and unrestricted by the Know-Nothings, who
believe that programmers are fallible and must use the crutch of testing frameworks to double check that they've written
working code.

## An Afterthought
Testing must always be an afterthought, only ever written if a Software God comes into a situation where one of the
pen-pushing, busybodied Know-Nothings manages to inadvertendly stumble into a position of marginally meaningful
corporate capacity and influence and uses this sway to try to force the Software God to write tests. "We need to improve
the coverage metrics" is a stale and lifeless line to any Software God who's been in this sort of a situation. The
secret to handling this situation properly, and thus to follow the way of The Grinder, is to always make sure to Test
Last, and consider any and all tests an afterthought. _Never_ write code as if it were meant to be run anywhere but on
the customer's machine because anywhere else is a clear waste of time. Second, ignore the Know-Nothing and let him write
tests if he can even manage to log into his machine today - it's guaranteeably better for the product in the long run if
this guy's writing tests for a living, as that means he can't go into the real codebase and mess everything up for you
and the other Software Gods.

If for some reason you're being forced by The Boss to write a test yourself, then the way of The Grinder is to cover the
lines and do no more - the more lines covered with less work, the better. Include no assertions as they only serve to
waste space and time, simply run your functions however you must to get maximum line coverage. Let the evil test flow
through your beautifully-nested if statements, let it feel the power of the generality of your invention, but forget the
asserts, as when you're a Software God such as yourself, they also only tell you what you already know - you're right
and your software is perfect. There is no flaw in perfection, so if The Boss wants his metric and you have no other
choice, then you can follow the path of The Grinder and satisfy these metrics in the least harmful way possible.

 -> Reasoning: Tests first is overall more efficient, but we want to waste moeny and resources without
               contirbuting/delivering a good prodcut.
